docs: CSS `?inline` query parameter (#8050)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/features.md

You can also use CSS modules combined with pre-processors by prepending `.module` to the file extension, for example `style.module.scss`.

### Disabling injection into the page

> If you want to turn off the automatic injection of CSS contents, you can do via the `?inline` query parameter:

Reviewer: Maybe we can explain what injection means here and how `?inline` skips that.

```js

> import styles from './foo.js'; // will be injected into the page
> import otherStyles from './bar.js?inline'; // will not be injected into the page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import styles from './foo.css'; // will be injected into the page
import otherStyles from './bar.css?inline'; // will not be injected into the page
```

Should these by .css?

```

> 

Reviewer: There's a double empty line here which causes CI to fail on formatting. You can run `pnpm format` to fix it.
